Part of the (Name) kingdome. 

The town where [[Forrest Gnome - Romeo Briskwood |Romeo Briskwood]] came from. 

**Check later**

1.
The town consisted of 82+ residents by the time Romeo left. It’s located in the thick woods of Wilanggog, where the trees grow about 200 meters high and 20 meters wide. The four trees in which the town is located are in is the tallest ones in the forest, and conveniently, next to each other. The homes are carved into the giant trees, and bridges hang from the trees to make visiting the neighbouring area more convenient. Since the founders of the village chose the tallest trees in the forest, the crown of our trees is our lookout. They have a good overview of the forest and everything above it. Originally, there were five founding gnomes of the village. Zillen Widdlewad, who was a cleric for Silvanus and the leader of the group, found the spot and felt his god's divinity coursing in the tree's sap. Mintra Quilltop and Sintra Quilltop, both being rogues, were a troublesome pair of twins who cared less for peace and were more interested in the art of combat. Arilin Luckysong, the scout and ranger of the group, was a tough and stern mercenary who was hired by Zillen for the expedition, but decided to stay after meeting a love interest in the village. Nifan Fenfield, a druid and follower of Silvanus' teachings, was always a preacher of peace and love.
    
2.
After an attack from a feral Owlbear, which came to its senses after Nifan spoke to it, some residents were harmed, but only one life was lost. That life was Sintra Quilltop, and shortly after, Mintra Quilltop left the village due to the loss of his twin sister. Now, he roams the lands, looking for a reason to live. Zillen Widdlewad was old, and his age was what got him in the end. He had served the village for centuries and had the village named after him. Those founders are Arilin and Nifan, and they are currently the caretakers of the village. Arilin cares for the residents and protects the village from any threats from the outside. Nifan cares for the trees and makes sure they stay healthy throughout the lifespan of the village. While Arilin has started a family, Nifan has not and is still the one who cares for Widdlewad’s part of the forest. But soon, he will need a successor. Many gnomes have taken his “Widdlewad Tree-Keeper Trial”, but not one has managed to complete it. The house of Luckysong, on the other hand, is the main defence force and law enforcers of the village. And Arilin is the one who personally trains her children, grandchildren and great-grandchildren to one day replace her when she passes.
