
He is from the small town [[Widdlewad]].

**Backstory** 
I was born and grew up in Widdlewad. In my later years of being a toddler, my mother taught me how the world works and all its intricacies, while my father taught me about morals and art. I had everything a child could ever want: a loving family, a kind neighbourhood and enough gold to support our living. Every day, my father would play his music for my mother and me, and teach me how to play his instruments. I took a liking to his lute and tried to perform alongside him to play for my mother. My father would also tell me stories about his fantastical journeys around the world and that one day, I would be just like him. This sparked a desire to become a hero of the people and defeat any evil that threatened the innocent. Around the age of seven, I witnessed what my father would do in town. He was either performing for money, telling stories, or trying to convince others to do things for him. According to him, he had been able to take down every foe he ever faced, either through conversation or the power of his music. Some people didn’t believe his stories, but I did. I believed him to the point that I also started to tell people about the feats he had achieved throughout his adventuring days. When my father realised that I was telling others about his feats, he started teaching me things about music that go beyond performing. He taught me how to be a bard and the magic that comes with it. I learnt how to use my voice to heal others or to persuade people to get an edge in a conversation.

However, around the age of 12, I was given a lute by my father. It was handed down through generations and had the autographs from his fans carved into it. The last thing he told me was, “Next time we see each other, we will perform together. As a family.” The next day, he was gone. My mother told me that he was going on an adventure to stop an evil man by the name of Fizban. Instead of making me sad that he had left the family, it inspired me to follow suit. I practised my music and spells every day, and learnt some new spells too. I started to practice acrobatics to do tricks and escape from trouble. Because of the dense forest, learning it was very easy. After some time, I had taken my father's place in the village as a performer. However, because I didn’t have any stories to tell like my father, I had to make up mine. I was spreading rumours around the village and building up a reputation. Many accused me of lying and shunned me for it. Luckily, the local druid Nifan told them that they should not be rude to others, even if they disagree with them. When I was 19, I also wanted to leave to explore the world to become a legend, just like my father. Jona was sad, but knew that it was inevitable and helped me pack up my things for the adventure. After a wave goodbye to Widdlewad and its residents, I headed out into the wilds and followed a road that led to the nearest town. I performed for the locals, talked about my and my father's stories and feats, and did some odd jobs to raise my reputation and spread my name. When they had realised that I was lying, I quickly left town and went on to the next.

For two years, I did this and had the time of my life doing it. However, when I was in the town of ‘town of the campaigns start’, I happened to get myself into an altercation. I was in a pub, convincing the bartender to give me some cheaper drinks, when I felt something graze my back. I felt my pockets and noticed that my gold pouch was gone. As I look behind, I see someone leaving the pub, stuffing something into their pocket. I decided to follow them outside and followed them until they snuck into an alleyway. I tried to get a look at them and started to form a plan. But I felt something walking up behind me, so I turned around and froze out of fear. Behind me was a dwarf with torn clothes and a death stare. After some time processing the situation, I came to my senses and acted. As he reaches out to grab me, I pull out a lit dynamite and hold it against him. Shocked, the dwarf backed off and told me not to do anything stupid. Immediately, I pull out my lute and start playing as I dash into the alley with the dynamite disappearing into thin air. I cast Minor Illusion behind me to make a noise, and the thieves in the alley hear the yelling of guards behind me, mentioning a dwarf. The thieves start running deeper into the alley, but as they ran, I cast Disguise Self to look like the dwarf and yelled at them to slow down.

When I catch up to them, I ask how much we got from the gnome. Successfully deceived, they pulled out a brown pouch and said, “Here, pretty sure that it’s the one at least”. Since the alley was dark, and the two of them were humans so one of them had a torch to be able to see. After assessing the situation, I quietly cast Prestidigitation to snuff out their torch and grab the pouch that they were holding. With my dark vision, I was able to run away from them without any problem. However, when I nearing the exit of the alleyway, the dwarf revealed himself to be still standing there. But since he was seeing himself running towards him, he got confused and didn’t have time to process what was happening. I take advantage of this and throw an insult at him, causing him to take damage and flinch. The issue was that he was blocking the way out, and I risked getting grabbed by his reflexes. I jump onto some crates stacked on top of each other and leap over him. Of course, I do a frontflip as well when leaping over him. After that, I disappear into the night, leaving them in a confused state. After I’ve run for some time, I pull out my brown pouch that I got back. After laughing at the absurdity of what just happened and thinking of the stories I could make about this, I open the pouch. It was a piece of ham. Not my gold. They had stolen someone’s lunch and showed me the wrong one. Frustrated, I wander back to where I had booked a room in the Blackwater Inn, the cheapest Inn in town. After I had eaten the ham, I went to sleep, concerned over my financial situation. The next day, I hurried over to the local quest board and took the one which offered a hefty sum of gold. After reading the location and ignoring what the quest was even about, I ran over to where the quest was, in the hopes of having time before nightfall. I refuse to sleep out in the streets.

**Reason for fear**
Has never been in a fight before. grew up by learning from his father that you can talk your way from sticky situations.

**Goal**
become like his father, become a legend.  