**The quest summary**
the party starts the journey ready for a 9 - 11 day travel to the dwarven Kingdome [[Dun Khardruk - main city |Dun Khardruk]]. Hired by the [[Hedwyn]] merchants to deliver and then pickup supplies at the dwarven Kingdome. After the party has helped the delivery and resupply they are free to go. 
unknow to the party [[Captain Rowan]] will ask them to do one more thing after the delivery, go far in to the mountain's and deliver a box with something inside it to a special someone, the topaz dragon. Don't open it until you reach the place. 

**Part 0: introductions**
the party is all together. they are walking or sitting on a big carriage that has all of the supplies that were ordered to Dun Khardruk The dwarven Kingdome's main city. There are 3 horses pulling the carriage. The journey will take between 9 -11 days according to Rowan. The one steering the carriage is [[Captain Rowan]].

**Part 1: The travel** *Days 1 - 11*
* Day 1: You start at the edge of the town [[Kestridge]] and starting to travel to the town of [[Plesawisks]]. Rowan will introduce himself to the party and then start traveling. Let the players describe there characters. Nothing on the first day really happens. When resting Rowan will ask the party there reason to take on this quest.
* Day 2: The morning comes quick and the travel starts as early. on the journey Rowan says that he will com up with a question to ask the party at the end of the day, to make the journey more interesting. The only noticeable thing that happens that day is some footprints of a big animal. the footprints are from a bear. He askes the question if the party has killed a human / humanoid. 
* Day 3: starts early as the last day but rain starts pouring down heavily. the party can choose to rest the rain away or go during the rain. resting makes it take 10 days instead, going during the rain makes the road muddy and a wheel pops off. making it take longer to get there. He askes the party how they felt when killing. 
* Day 4: soon at the next place you can get a nice rest there. although some bears approached from the forest. 2 bears. combat begins. do what you were payed to do he says while staying at the carriage. After the fight he is impressed but that's why you were hired. Where is home for you?
* Day 5: That day the party gets to the next town [[Plesawisks]]. the party arrives there early or late depending on what happened in the rain. the party can choose to explore the town a bit. After a while Rowan invites everyone for a drink at the tavern. he askes the question he says he can tell a tale from his past. what do you want to hear, about the time with the topaz dragon or the time we were stuck in dungeon without food. [[Captain Rowan]]. and he encourages the party to do the same if they want. 
* Day 6: now well rested in beds the party can continue out of the town not going to [[Dun Khardruk - main city|Dun Khardruk]]. soon coming to a snowy place, just a bit of snow here. Rowan offers them the spare winter coats that he has with him. After some time some fog appears, and a little more time passes and a fallen tree is in the way. "Hells that is a bit annoying". And ambush, the party gets ambushed by some bandits. "Oh that's why, clever trick". after the encounter when the party stops at the resting point he askes if anyone has someone to return to, a lover, family member or friend.
* Day 7: still fog that day but just a bit easier to see, nothing really happens that day. later on the fog fully clears up and the party is close to being at later they see a house in the distance, Something even Rowan is confused about. It dose not say on the map. This is Smash Smiths moving house. Later when resting he askes if there is something that scares the party. 
* Day 8: soon there the snow being more deep now then ever its really getting cold. the day is bright. Rowan sees something at the peak of a small mountain. the players roll perception to see what it is. it is a griffon, yet it just stays there and watches the party go past. that rest he askes what they would do if they could only live one more year.  
* Day 9: going early like usual, that day the party sees the great walls of [[Dun Khardruk - main city|Khardruk]]. there are stones poking out of the ground that all say in dwarfish the capitals name. bla bla you get in, deliver the supplies, the party gets there gold, then one last thing askes Rowan. bring this box over the mountains, there is someone there that needs this, and he gives the topaz dragonborn dragonborn the box with a smile on his face. say hello from me and he gives the party 20 extra gold each. 


Ruiner av en död kung., the story of the king that ruled the world. bla bla, he was migthy and the story he died some time.

 the ruins outside plesawisk, have some old wine barrels. 3 wine barrels. 