**Appearance**
An older human. Some scars from his previous adventures and wears old but very sturdy armour leather. 

**Personality**
A open and willing to talk person. He loves to hear what people think and say, what there motives are, what brings them here and similar stuff. He has a personal grudge against wars and would like to see the world at peace. He always keeps his promises to people. 

**Lore**
A seasoned fighter, He has survived his early years when there was war. Later in life he joined the military to stop this war for the safety of younger people like how he fought to survive his war. When the war was over he began his life as an adventurer and was loving it. There were few noteworthy adventures, like when he fist found the topaz dragon, or when a he got stuck in a dungeon for 10 days with rations that would last for only 3 of those days. 
* **Topaz dragon story:** he and his party ventured to the far and wide to find a ancient or mythical creatures just to brag that he has. unknowingly they wandered to the topaz dragons lair finding the dragon. they armed there weapons ready for a fight but didn't expect the dragon of death to be so happy for adventurers to come. That day the adventures got a special friend and found something especially rare. 
* **No Rations story:** he and his party consisting of him, a elf, a goblin and a half orc travelled to a freshly discovered dungeon. probably bountiful with riches and magic items the party ventured in ill prepared. At first it was easy mauling down the creatures inside but time move relatively quick down there and lost track of it. they slept for the first day, not thinking anything weird about it, and the a seconded day. The third day they grew concerned, they might have lost there way and supplies have dwindled. only one more day's left of food. The next day they were determent to find a way out and hopelessly scavenging for more food. Two days passed without food, everyone tired, the monster that were killed were zombies and skeletons, nothing to gain from that. then on day 7, the tressure room was found. happy and sad at the same time they knew they were at the deepest part of the dungeon. The orc slowly went for the tressure chest laying there. then realizing it was a mimic. chomp chomp, the mimic tore off the orcs arm. The party quickly fought back killing it. The orc worried for his arm stuck in the mimics belly asked the goblin to cut it out. as she did the stench of the mimics stomach filled the room but everyone starving had a different idea. They mended back the arm to the orc. now to the mimics corpse, all of them were starving, they wanted anything just anything to eat. the mimic was consumed, now not having to fear about starvation they rested. at the end of the dungeon there was only one way to go, out. the next 2 days were a struggle but eventually when they recognized one of the first rooms and got out on day 10. 

**Motives**
Why he serves as the Hedwyn family supply driver is just for easy gold. now he sometimes wants to find adventurers to bond with and know what's happening. taking life relatively slowly. He promised to bring food to the topaz dragon once in a while. 

**relations**
* [[Hedwyn]] family. He is just there supply driver just to live a normal life. Dose not give a lot of crap about the family but will never lose a single crate for the request.
* [[Topaz dragon (Solvryn)|Topaz dragon]], when he met the dragon when adventuring was his thing he promised to always come back once in a while to deliver his favourite food, gigantic squid. He grew friendly bond with the dragon.
